Nimbus Analytics Inc. — Employee Handbook (Human Resources Policy)

1. Leave Policy
Full-time employees at Nimbus Analytics accrue 18 days of paid time off (PTO) per calendar year, in addition to 10 paid public holidays. PTO accrues monthly at a rate of 1.5 days per month and can be carried over up to a maximum of 10 unused days into the following year. Employees who have been with the company for more than 5 years receive an additional 5 days of PTO annually, bringing their total to 23 days per year.

Sick leave is tracked separately from PTO. Employees receive 8 paid sick days per year, which do not roll over. A doctor's note is required for sick leave exceeding 3 consecutive days.

2. Parental Leave
Nimbus Analytics offers 16 weeks of fully paid parental leave for the primary caregiver and 8 weeks of fully paid leave for the secondary caregiver, regardless of gender. This leave must be taken within 12 months of the birth or adoption of a child.

3. Remote Work Policy
Employees may work remotely up to 3 days per week without prior manager approval. Fully remote arrangements require written approval from both the employee's manager and the HR department, and are reviewed on a quarterly basis. Remote employees are expected to be available during core hours of 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM in their local time zone.

4. Expense Reimbursement
Employees are reimbursed for reasonable business expenses including travel, client meals, and approved software subscriptions. All expense reports must be submitted within 30 days of the expense being incurred, accompanied by an itemized receipt. Expenses over $500 require pre-approval from a department head.

5. Performance Reviews
Performance reviews are conducted twice per year, in June and December. Reviews are based on a 5-point scale and incorporate self-assessment, peer feedback, and manager evaluation. Salary adjustments, when applicable, are typically implemented in the January payroll cycle following the December review.

6. Code of Conduct
All employees must complete annual compliance training covering workplace harassment prevention, data privacy, and information security. Failure to complete training within 60 days of the assigned deadline may result in restricted system access until training is completed.
